feat(Docs): Docs release notes June 7-13, 2024 (#17654)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/release-notes/docs-release-notes/docs-6-14-2024.mdx

---
subject: "Docs"
releaseDate: '2024-06-07'
version: 'version: June 7-13, 2024'
---

### New docs

* [NR24-01 security bulletin](/docs/security/new-relic-security/security-bulletins/security-bulletin-nr24-01) addresses the recent Fluent Bit security vulnerability.
* A new [Cacti integration](/docs/infrastructure/host-integrations/host-integrations-list/cacti-integration) gives you information on how to see your RRD data in New Relic.

### Major changes

> * We've moved away from the `applied intelligence` name, because it's confusing when compared to our other AI efforts. We completed a massive sweep to remove nearly all mention of "applied intelligence" from our docs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* We've moved away from using `applied intelligence` to refer to our Alerts capability. This creates a clearer, more cohesive experience as we introduce more AI features and functionalities. We completed a massive sweep to remove nearly all mention of "applied intelligence" from our docs.
```

Reviewer: this is like not great writing but i wanted to flip the rationale to something more positive and user centric

Reviewer: i mean that my changes are not great writing* lol please spruce up as needed!!

* Deleted several old, outdated alerts docs.
* A rewrite of [change vulnerability status](/docs/vulnerability-management/change-vulnerability-status) makes it easier for you to enable this feature.

### Minor changes

* Removed the notifications section from [CodeStream settings](/docs/codestream/codestream-settings/account-settings).

> * Added a new OpenTelemetry [redis instance](/docs/more-integrations/open-source-telemetry-integrations/opentelemetry/best-practices/opentelemetry-best-practices-resources) section to clarify that you need to manually include redis attributes for the collector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added a new OpenTelemetry [redis instance](/docs/more-integrations/open-source-telemetry-integrations/opentelemetry/best-practices/opentelemetry-best-practices-resources) section to clarify that you need to manually include Redis attributes for the collector.
```

maybe?

Reviewer: Redis x2 but i'm not sure!

Author: In the doc update itself, it was mostly lowercase....

> * Private Synthetics Job Managers now support [permanent data storage](/docs/synthetics/synthetic-monitoring/private-locations/job-manager-configuration/#permanent-data-storage) via synthetic monitoring.

Reviewer: Should synthetics be capitalized here? Not sure about the naming conventions!

Author: Yes, because "Synthetics Job Managers" is the name of a thing. Apparently? Just trying to maintain consistency with the linked doc

* Multiple docs updates related to hybrid mobile agent releases.
* We've updated our docs to remove unsupported [.NET Core](/docs/apm/agents/net-agent/getting-started/net-agent-compatibility-requirements-net-core) versions. (We no longer support .NET Core versions 2.0, 2.1, 2.2, and 3.0.)
* In response to customer feedback, updated info on how to [view script logs](/docs/synthetics/synthetic-monitoring/using-monitors/view-simple-scripted-monitor-results/#viewing-logs) in the synthetic monitoring UI.
* Thanks to our Docs engineering team, we no longer hardcode `v` into our release notes titles.
* Quality-of-life improvements to [view slow query details](/docs/apm/apm-ui-pages/monitoring/view-slow-query-details) removed some outdated content and brought procedural content up-to-date.

### Release notes and What's New posts

* What's New post for [streamline log parsing](/whats-new/2024/06/whats-new-06-11-click-to-parse).

> * [Capacitor agent v1.4.0](src/content/docs/release-notes/mobile-release-notes/capacitor-release-notes/capacitor-agent-140)

Reviewer: This might be silly, but in our previous section we mentioned removing `v` from release notes title. Does that mean we don't use lower case `v` at all anymore? I checked our style guide and it says we can, but I'm not sure what implications the eng update has for the style guide

Author: It's fine here. For release notes, we were literally hardcoding v into the release notes title. Which led to a funny thing where Docs release notes: version [date] had to be Docs release notes: ersion [date] or would show up as vversion
